[Music]
this is the motion picture that
astounded us that challenged us that
dazzled
the motion picture that reminded us we
are not alone
this is the road that took us to the
outer limits of a brilliant filmmakers
imagination the road over 100 million
people have taken and will want to take
again the road millions of others will
take for the first time but now the road
will take us all even farther
[Music]
the special edition of Close Encounters
of the Third Kind director Steven
Spielberg has filmed additional scenes
designed to expand the total experience
of the original motion picture now
Richard Dreyfuss as roy neary will share
with audiences all over the world the
experience of being inside
when we saw Close Encounters of the
Third Kind we wanted more now there is
more
[Music]